Fix "retry sending an event to sink" for NATS dispatcher (#12808)
kyma-project/kyma: components/eventing-controller/README.md

| **For NATS**                  |                                                                                     |
| `NATS_URL`                    | The URL for the NATS server.                                                        |
| `EVENT_TYPE_PREFIX`           | The Event Type Prefix for the NATS backend.                                         |
| `MAX_IDLE_CONNS`              | The maximum number of idle connections for the HTTP transport of the NATS backend.  |
| `MAX_CONNS_PER_HOST`          | The maximum connections per host for the HTTP transport of the NATS backend.        |
| `MAX_IDLE_CONNS_PER_HOST`     | The maximum idle connections per host for the HTTP transport of the NATS backend.   |
| `IDLE_CONN_TIMEOUT`           | The idle timeout duration for the HTTP transport of the NATS backend.               |

> | `DEFAULT_MAX_IN_FLIGHT_MESSAGES` | The idle maximum "in flight messages" send by NATS to the Sink without waiting to a response. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DEFAULT_MAX_IN_FLIGHT_MESSAGES` | The maximum idle "in-flight messages" sent by NATS to the sink without waiting for a response. |
```
